well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so we're going to talk about that
interview i'm going to talk about
trump's interview
um have you ever watched somebody
do their best to pretend to understand a
subject
and the more they talk the more you
realize they don't have a clue what
they're talking about
that's that interview if i had to
describe that interview
that's what it was there
are a number of things that people are
bringing up that definitely need
attention
um because he got some things wrong
but there were some other things that
aren't catching as much attention that
maybe should you know he was asked
directly
about whether or not he ever confronted
putin about some of the some of the
allegations that are going on about the
bounties
and he said no because it never reached
his desk
that's not true it was in his
presidential daily brief
we know that okay it's not true that's
fine
we get it trump lied 21 000 and two
times now
fine okay
he goes on to say that
he gets intelligence briefings two or
three times a week
a lot of meetings that's what he says
seven he should get a minimum
of seven presidential
daily brief it's in the name it's in the
name
he should get a minimum of seven
intelligence briefings
a week bragging about going to two or
three
is like bragging about passing a
cognitive test
it's not something anybody who
understood it
would do seven that's the minimum
that's the minimum you would need to be
effective because
as he says the world is angry all over
the world
there's a lot of information to process
and
it changes daily that's why there's a
presidential
daily brief seven is the minimum
acceptable number
he was uh questioned about
whether he confronted putin about arming
the taliban
because the bounties are in dispute
um and
he didn't do that either he said he
wanted to talk about proliferation which
is fine
that's an important topic but apparently
the president doesn't understand his own
moves
much less putin's the president has
withdrawn
from nuclear proliferation agreements
in fact all of the ones that putin
didn't like
the u.s took the step to withdraw
my guess is that he was looking through
old footage of reagan
and believed that it it might help him
because it helped reagan
um getting into disarming
but if you spent your entire
administration scrapping those treaties
it's not really it just makes you look
like you don't know what you're doing
which is
because he doesn't know what he's doing
he then goes on to say that we supplied
weapons when they were fighting russia
that's not true actually i mean i i get
the the theory that he's saying there
but that that's an inaccurate statement
we supplied weapons when they were
fighting the soviets
it was a completely different
geopolitical situation literally
different countries
if we were to use that line of thinking
we could also say
we supplied tanks and thompsons
to the soviets during world war ii
things change over time you can't do
that especially
when the countries involved have changed
forms of government
over the years
every statement that he made displayed a
complete
lack of understanding of foreign policy
every single one of them
he's inept he's incompetent when it
comes to this subject
at the end of the day we can't hold him
to too high a standard though
we need to keep in mind putin
was one of the greatest intelligence
officers of the 20th century
trump is a failed game show host
putin is smart sharp has a deep
understanding of these subjects witty
he's a good leader
trump is none of those things this isn't
a fair discussion um the idea
that trump would be able to handle putin
on any level
is laughable so
we can't hold trump to too high a
standard
when it comes to his outcomes because he
demands to deal with him directly we
don't know why
and it's even trump is placing himself
at even more
of a disadvantage by only getting two or
three
intelligence briefings a week not just
does he
not understand it not want to protect
american forces
he makes no effort to get to the point
where he could understand it
now at the end of the day there is one
important thing that we have to remember
here
trump said that you know the arming and
then russia getting bogged down there is
what
wound up breaking up the soviet union
and because of that that's why the
current russia
doesn't want to get involved
again a gross misunderstanding of what
happened
today russia
the current russian government is on the
opposite side
of where the soviet government was
they're supplying
the the the unconventional forces
the us is on the side of where the
soviets were
um one thing that we we do need to keep
in mind as this plays out
is that in this case trump's ineptitude
his inaction um his
unwillingness to question his boss
all of these things are playing in our
favor in the long run
the goal of the russian operation in
afghanistan
is to keep the u.s bogged down that's
their intent we've talked about it
before
intent is what is important that's the
intent
they don't want us withdrawn they want
us there
expending our energy so we can't focus
on europe
so we can't focus on the areas they care
about
it's hard to withdraw from somewhere
when you're constantly taking hits
that's the russian goal in in supplying
the opposition there
so the fact that the president isn't
inept
um is overmatched is actually helping us
um it's not helping the individual
soldier
over there but it is helping us
in the long run because if trump
understood the situation
he might respond and by responding
might embed us even further
and i know people are going to say well
he he's trying to leave
that doesn't mean anything he very
quickly changes course when it comes to
foreign policy
look at the proliferation treaties he's
talking about
because he doesn't know what he's doing
when the next administration comes in
they have to have somebody on the team
high up that really understands foreign
policy
it is incredibly important
this is a relationship with a world
power
it's in complete disarray imagine
our relationships with the countries
that we don't think about
with question with countries that aren't
in the forefront of trump's mind
those relationships have not been
managed or nourished
in years the next administration has a
mess to clean up
they need to get somebody on board that
is equal to the task
anyway it's just a thought you all have
a good day